Updates to Deploy docs primarily related to v9 change of data folder location. (#3405)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Umbraco-Deploy/Installing-Deploy/CICD-Pipeline/index-v9.md

- The license file needs to be deployed into the target environment's `umbraco/Data` folder.
- The `.uda` schema files that are written to disk and included in source control, need to be made available in the build artifact that is deployed to the target environment.
- Once the build is complete, the extraction of the updated schema in the target environment needs to be triggered.

The first two steps will be implemented in a similar way.  There will need to be a step added to the pipeline that runs after the main build of the website, to copy the license file and data files into the published build output, such that they are included in the build artifacts that are deployed to the target environment.

The third step needs to run last in the pipeline, once the built web application is deployed to the target environment.  Umbraco Deploy provides a Powershell script that can be used for the purpose of triggering the extraction of the schema information and update of the target Umbraco installation.

## Background on the Schema Extraction Process

> Without a CI/CD pipeline step in place to trigger the extraction, following a deployment the process would need to be carried out manually. This can be done by logging into the back-office, navigating to _Settings > Deploy_ and triggering the operation via the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without a CI/CD pipeline step in place to trigger the extraction, following a deployment, the process would need to be carried out manually. This can be done by logging into the backoffice, navigating to _Settings > Deploy_ and triggering the operation via the dashboard.
```
